aws(eks): add EKS + Kubernetes Hello World (#219)
pulumi/examples: aws-ts-eks-hello-world/README.md

    `kubeconfig` file and download `kubectl`. We can leverage the Pulumi
    stack output in the CLI, as Pulumi faciliates exporting these objects for us.

    ```bash
    $ pulumi stack output kubeconfig > kubeconfig
    $ export KUBERNETES_VERSION=1.11.5 && sudo curl -s -o /usr/local/bin/kubectl https://storage.googleapis.com/kubernetes-release/release/v${KUBERNETES_VERSION}/bin/linux/amd64/kubectl && sudo chmod +x /usr/local/bin/kubectl

    $ export KUBECONFIG=$PWD/kubeconfig
    $ kubectl version
    $ kubectl cluster-info
    $ kubectl get nodes
    ```

1. From there, feel free to experiment. Simply making edits and running `pulumi up` afterwords, will incrementally update your stack.

   For example, if you wish to pull in existing Kubernetes YAML manifests into
   Pulumi to aid in your transition, append the following code block to the existing
   `index.ts` file and run `pulumi up`.

   This is an example on how to create the standard Guestbook manifests in
   Pulumi from its YAML manifests. We take the additional steps of transforming
   its properties to use the same Namespace and metadata labels that

>    the NGINX stack uses, as well as, make its frontend service use a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   the NGINX stack uses, and also make its frontend service use a
```

    ```

   We recommend using `us-west-2` to host your EKS cluster as other regions (notably `us-east-1`) may have capacity
   issues that prevent EKS clusters from creating:

    ```
    Diagnostics:
      aws:eks:Cluster: eksCluster
        error: Plan apply failed: creating urn:pulumi:aws-ts-eks-example::aws-ts-eks::EKSCluster$aws:eks/cluster:Cluster::eksCluster: error creating EKS Cluster (eksCluster-233c968): UnsupportedAvailabilityZoneException: Cannot create cluster 'eksCluster-233c968' because us-east-1a, the targeted availability zone, does not currently have sufficient capacity to support the cluster. Retry and choose from these availability zones: us-east-1b, us-east-1c, us-east-1d
            status code: 400, request id: 9f031e89-a0b0-11e8-96f8-534c1d26a353
    ```

    We are tracking enabling the creation of VPCs limited to specific AZs to unblock this in `us-east-1`: pulumi/pulumi-aws-infra#32

1. Stand up the EKS cluster, which will also deploy the Kubernetes Dashboard:

    ```bash
    $ pulumi up
    ```

1. After 10-15 minutes, your cluster will be ready, and the kubeconfig JSON you'll use to connect to the cluster will

>    be available as an output. You can save this kubeconfig to a file like so:

Reviewer 2: There seems to be a gap between the `like so: ` and where this is actually explained.  

Also don't quite follow the paragraph that follows this in context.

>    be available as an output. You can save this kubeconfig to a file like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   be available as an output.
```

    As part of the update, you'll see a few new objects in the output such as: a
    `Namespace` in Kubernetes to deploy into, and a `Deployment` resource for
    the NGINX app. Pulumi understands which changes to a given cloud
    resource can be made in-place, and which require replacement, and computes
    the minimally disruptive change to achieve the desired state.
    

>     **Note:** Pulumi auto-generates a suffix for all objects. Pulumi's object model does

Reviewer 2: Do you think we have to reference this here?    In particular, how does this relate to the rest of the walkthrough?

Reviewer: Yeah, I think it would be better to move the lengthier description to https://pulumi.io/reference/programming-model.html and just keep the first sentence with a link to the lengthier description.
```suggestion
    **Note:** By default, Pulumi [auto-generates a suffix for all objects](https://pulumi.io/reference/programming-model.html).
```

>     **Note:** Pulumi auto-generates a suffix for all objects. Pulumi's object model does

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **Note:** By default, Pulumi auto-generates a suffix for all objects. Pulumi's object model does
```

    create-before-delete replacements by default on updates, but this will only work if
    you are using name auto-generation so that the newly created resource is
    guaranteed to have a differing, non-conflicting name. Doing this
    allows a new resource to be created, and dependencies to be updated to
    point to the new resource, before the old resource is deleted.

>     This is generally quite useful.

Reviewer: Pulumi will not auto-generate the name if `metadata.namespace` is set.

    ```
    ...

    + deploymentName: "helloworld-58jkmc7c"
    + namespaceName : "helloworld-xaldhgca"
    ```

    To access your new Kubernetes cluster using `kubectl`, we need to setup the
    `kubeconfig` file and download `kubectl`. We can leverage the Pulumi
    stack output in the CLI, as Pulumi faciliates exporting these objects for us.

    ```bash
    $ pulumi stack output kubeconfig > kubeconfig
    $ export KUBERNETES_VERSION=1.11.5 && sudo curl -s -o /usr/local/bin/kubectl https://storage.googleapis.com/kubernetes-release/release/v${KUBERNETES_VERSION}/bin/linux/amd64/kubectl && sudo chmod +x /usr/local/bin/kubectl

>     $ export KUBECONFIG=`pwd`/kubeconfig

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    $ export KUBECONFIG=$PWD/kubeconfig
```
